bullis Harbor dark recesses of violence
and horror I'm just a man hiding in the
corner with a camera watching mr.
Hitchcock you're the most famous
director in the history of the medium
but you're 60 years old shouldn't you
just quit while you're ahead this is
murder I'm getting blisters just
watching you he's going out of his mind
looking for his next project I need
something fresh something different it
was the knife that a moment later cut
off her scream and her head charming
Doris Day should do it as a musical good
afternoon this look psycho this fiendish
Lee entertain this is really going to be
your next picture yes madam by the way
tie the finger sandwiches they're real
fingers no one respects the name
Hitchcock more than para maana but even
a talented man sometimes backs the wrong
horse this is mr. Hitchcock's next film
fine if you can get the money who do I
make it out to when are we gonna have to
sell the whole house or just the pool
you are intrigued aren't you killing off
your leading lady halfway through the
movie how are you going to shoot this
shower scene it's only that well from
here up i'm not exactly boyish you
shouldn't wait till halfway through kill
her off after 30 minutes well after
letting him do something so tasteless
don't upset yourself darling it's only a
bloody movie oh I got married to a man
obsessed on murder this will not be
released and dis country meeting damn
phone is now I learned extraordinary
pieces on this picture and the least you
can do is give me your full support
we've morges our house I am your wife I
celebrate with you in the reviews are
good I cry for you when they are bad and
I put up with those people who look
through me as if I were invisible
because all they can see is the great
and glorious genius Alfred Hitchcock
I promise mother I wouldn't tell oh you
imp you've got nudity in there well her
breasts were rather large does challenge
not to show them